from a youth Kay makeup seller called
Lamoureux beauty and she basically self
makeup we can't get in the UK so that's
like high street makeup like went wild
Milani would you call it any girls Nicks
and all that kind of stuff so I'm going
to show you some of stuff that she
bought me oh and by the way she's
sending this stuff a while ago so I've
been away the packaging but it came
really nice as well came I called Bobo
dump and I was like okay girl see you
and yeah she came we lured nice to note
as well and it was Next Day Delivery so
if you want to order from them I'll
leave all their contact below I mean
contact contact details like Instagram
all that kind of stuff
so yeah okay I was specially since that
she gave me so so enough with the
eyeshadows
she gave me stand out for the first one
this point it's called I don't actually
know the name but this really looks like
yeah I haven't actually tried this one
yet because I haven't had anywhere to
wear it to but it looks like they have
some nice colors on here they've got a
matte black a shimmery black on that
blue issue a blue a grey a turquoise and
a silver nice and this one is I don't
know the names of
this one looks like this and just wanted
to have some nice old ones as well as
some nice nude colors I'm I've tried
this color select this a lot and I like
the purple color as well I like a matte
eyeshadows see ya and she also sent me
the vanity palette I do know the name of
this I've seen this around YouTube so it
was nice to try it out so you think I'll
say about this is that like the only
thing I'll say about the wet wild eyed
shadows is that they hit permanently
quickly like this gold color I've used
this once and it's hip and so that's
probably why they're so cheap okay okay
and then she sent me a another palette I
don't know what this one is called
either but it has a shimmery purple in
that purple a shimmery bluish color a
pinkish color a beige color and a dark
purple and I read like this as well I
used the purple on my lower lash line
and it gives a nice definition so that's
that she sent me a wet and wild
lipsticks as well to send me five shades
so let me just get them out so just so
me this shade this is called dollhouse
pink these lipsticks are kind of
comparable to my lips it's because this
reminds you of candy yum-yum which I
have this is a really nice bright pink
color
she also said to me just peachy
which is a nice peachy kind of pinky
nude nude well I mean kinda wear it as a
new interview user right
Elena I like this one a lot I wear quite
often one it's quite dark purple I've
won it one two haven't run out yet but
it looks really nice if you want to go
for like a dramatic look
it's called bunker tarp and then another
one called bear at all this is a nude
color that's what that looks like the
only thing I don't talk about when wild
lipsticks is that the packaging they get
really messy really quickly and I don't
like that but here as I oppose that
cherry bomb and this reminds me kind of
of Mac diva it's very close to Mac diva
so yeah Curry's letting this colors
they're quite nice they lost a long time
and all mapped and they have very nice
finished so does that meet some geo
eyelash adhesive just ensure everyone
sings before she sent me the Claire
Claire adhesive as well as the duck
adhesive so having actually opened
easier she also sent me some NYX
products the NYX jumbo eye pencil and
this one is in P my luggage this one is
yogurt and it's just like a champagne
ish color I'll swatch it so you can see
it better like this and this is nice for
a base under like gold eyeshadow because
it makes the gold I show you my shadow
stand out and then she also sent me the
NYX jumbo jumbo pencil eye shadow base
in milk which is basically if the jumbo
pencil in a pot so yeah and then to
finish it off she sent me for illegal
concealers I'm sure you guys have seen
his everywhere but if you haven't been
able to get your hands on any girl
concealers then I suggest that you
contact her these are the shades and she
sent me coffee just like this
toast which is a bit dark
cool time and warm honey which is this
anything I don't like about any girl can
see this I have 51 from Ike a house
previously and I when I used it a lot
people raved about themselves expecting
a lot when I used it a bit dry and when
it gets dries like kind of hard to blend
it out so I don't really reach for it as
much anymore but I will use it if I'm
running out concealer so yeah so I hope
you guys enjoyed before and no I've told
you guys next time bye
sorrows be awkward I'm a bit flushed and
all over the place but yeah